---
templateKey: covid-page
path: /covidresponse
title: COVID-19 Response
slogan: Artificial intelligence, real change.
---
## Our Contingency Plan
To ensure the safety of both our delegates and industry representatives, CUCAI 2021 is ready to respond to COVID 19 by either effectively limiting delegate numbers, or employing one of several detailed contingency plans if current social distancing measures are still in place by Winter 2021.

If government restrictions allow us to simply limit delegate numbers to hold CUCAI 2021 in person, this will increase the quality of CUCAI’s delegates as a higher standard will be employed when reviewing delegate applications. Our regularly scheduled events will continue as planned, and CUCAI will ensure that the delegates your organization engages with are the nation’s absolute best. If government restrictions are more severe, our contingency plans tackle two possible scenarios: a partially online conference or a fully online conference. These contingency plans address how each major component of the conference can be adapted or replaced to ensure that the value we historically brought to all CUCAI guests is maintained, and in some aspects heightened from an in person conference.

In the first contingency plan, if congregations of individuals on the scale of a conference such as CUCAI (i.e. several hundred people in the same room) are still not permitted, we plan to lower ticket prices and use a video conferencing platform to transition the majority of the conference. Delegates will not be required to travel to attend CUCAI, which will increase the
number of students able to attend the conference. We will be working with the various departments at Queen’s and other Canadian Universities to take advantage of the phenomenal spaces available to us at each of our schools. Here we will opt for smaller, organized gatherings of CUCAI delegates dispersed across Canada, with everyone connected via a central livestream where key events such as speakers, the design showcase, industry showcase, and inQUbate pitch competition will provided to delegates across the country. Finally, we are exploring the exciting possibility of incorporating a hackathon event into CUCAI in this scenario. We feel that this would be an innovative way to allow guests to apply their creativity and technical skills in a hands on and collaborative ongoing event while hooked to the centralized livestream. 

In preparation for even the most extreme scenario via the second contingency plan, where there are restrictions on gatherings of any appreciable size, many of the same steps above that transitioned conference events to online equivalents will be used for a completely virtual CUCAI. With the inability to rent physical venues for any of the conference’s events, ticket prices will be further reduced for delegates. However, we intend to maximize our online platform options to ensure that meaningful, interpersonal interactions are still a substantial aspect of the conference through virtual networking events, structured Q&A sessions with design teams and industry representatives, and the aforementioned hackathon event. 

We are committed to improving the quality of the experience for all guests at CUCAI 2021, despite the obstacles posed by COVID 19, and are excited to have you join us as we tackle this adversity to deliver the most successful CUCAI to date.